# Word-Guess-Game
Word Guess Game - GUESS THE MOVIE TITLE!

Given the need for a sufficiently lengthy array of titles from which the player would have to guess, plus the need to store values for a variety of different game statuses and outcomes, I knew the code for my movie-title guessing game would be heavy on the variables. So that's where I decided to start. 

I then moved on to "if" statements to handle the events of correct and incorrect letters guessed and relied heavily on the "getElementById" method to manipulate the DOM throughout and at the conclusion of each game. 

Once I had the basic word guess aspect of the game functioning, I next sought to add some images and audio so that a poster and an audio snippet from the movie would appear and play when the player correctly guessed each letter of the movie title. I considered this to be essential given the audiovisual nature of movies. But what I originally imagined to be the finishing touches to my game turned out to be the most time-consuming and perplexing part of the coding process. Here's how I failed and finally succeeded with these final steps. After I collected all my image and audio assets for each of the movie titles, I created arrays in my javascript and corresponding image and audio elements for each in the html. Then in order to link the audio and image links to the corresponding randomly selected word, I tried to combine all three properties (text, audio, image) into a single object array. Though I couldn't quite figure out how to do it that way, I did finally manage to get text, audio and image to all match by linking them through a "randomNumber" variable that stored the randomization (Math.random) function. 

It won't take the attentive player of this game long to notice that all the movies in the game are one word only. Yes, I admit I didn't quite figure out how to display spaces between words in the html that my array strings would recognize. This opportunity for improvement, along with the fact that certain end-of-game features still don't reset before the next round of play begins, I plan to address in version 2.0. I also plan to revisit combining text, audio and image all in one object now that I know a lot more about object notation through my more recent work with APIs. 
